
X Extend the existing xfs file system to a total size of 200MB and add a label called myFS
lvextend 
lvrename

X. Assign the same SELinux contexts used by the home directories to the /xfs directory permanently.

. Create two users: john with uid/gid equal to 2000, password 12345678 and davis with uid/gid equal to 3000, password 87654321. Make davis' account validity stopping in one month.

X. Create a directory named /common. Allow john and davis to share documents in the /common directory using a group called team. Both of them can read, write and remove documents from the other in this directory but any user not member of the group can’t.

X. Create a xfs file system on a new logical volume of 100MB called lv_xfs. Mount it permanently with uuid under /xfs
STANDARD PARTITION - UUID
LVM - USE PATH 

12. Create a logical volume of 200MB called lv_swap2 and add it permanently to the current swap space

X. Create a cron job running as root, starting at 11PM every day and writing a report on daily system resource consumption in the /var/log/consumption.log file.

X. Set the default target to boot into X Window level (previously level 5).

X. Add additional repository for YUM with name my_custom_repo which can be found via URL http://local.repo/rhel7

X. Create new physical partition with 100MB size and mount it under /meet

17. Install new kernel and make it default

18. Create users and assign them to secondary groups
    Create group sysgrp
    Create user andrew and susan who belong to this group (as secondary group)
    Create user sarah who does not have an access to the shell
    Password for all the users should be Postroll
    
19. Create folder with group access rights
    group ownership of the folder is for group sysgrp
    members of sysgrp should have full access to this folder but no other user
    files created in this folder have by default group access to sysgrp


20. Configure LDAP authentication

21. Configure autofs

X. Configure new NTP server

X. Configure access rights to the file (factl)

24. Reduce the size of existing logical volume

X. Create compressed archive

X. Search for string using grep and redirect the output

27. Make journald persistent between reboots

28. Configure block device to use VDO

29. Find files with specific properties (not modified for 180 days)

30. Find files containing specific text within


